Document wildcards in build-external-contract (#728)
software-mansion/scarb: website/docs/extensions/starknet/contract-target.md

While compiling the Scarb project, by default no artifacts are emitted for contracts defined in dependencies.

> To override this behaviour for certain contracts from other packages, you can use `build-external-contracts` property.
> 
> It accepts a list of strings, each of which is a reference to a contract defined in a dependency.
> The package that implements this contracts need to be declared as a dependency of the project in `[dependencies]` section.
> 
> The reference to a contract is a full cairo path to the contract module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override this behaviour for certain contracts from other packages, you can use `build-external-contracts` property.
It accepts a list of strings, each of which is a reference to a contract defined in a dependency.
The package that implements this contracts need to be declared as a dependency of the project in `[dependencies]` section.
The reference to a contract is a full cairo path to the contract module.
```
No need to add new lines here

build-external-contracts = ["openzeppelin::account::account::Account"]
```

> ## Wildcard support in build-external-contracts

Reviewer: Should be subparagraph of `Compiling external contracts. 
```suggestion
### Wildcard support
```

> The `[build-external-contracts]` property explained above allows asking Scarb to build contracts from package dependencies as part of proper package build, for example for use in tests. This release adds a possibility to request building many contracts from a module tree at once. For example, the following snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
It is possible to request building many contracts from a module tree at once. For example, the following snippet:
```

1. I do not think there is a need to explain purpose of `build-external-contracts` here. 
1. Docs should not use expressions like "This release adds". It's not release notes.

Author: I agree with taking that part out.

> 

Reviewer: Emphasize, that:
- Each external contract path can use upmost a single wildcard 
- A wildcard has to be the last character in contract path
- Express how matching is conducted - Scarb will take the contract path before wildcard and look for all contracts which paths start with it. 
Please reword appropriately.

Author: Alright. I will work on rewording the paragraph.

```toml-vue
[[target.starknet-contract]]
build-external-contracts = [
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::Balance",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::OperatorApproval",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::Owner",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::TokenApproval",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::erc721::ERC721",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_approve",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_burn",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_mint",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_set_approval_for_all",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_transfer_from",
]
```

> can now be written as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be written as:
```
Docs do not refer to a single release changeset.

```toml-vue

> [[target.dojo]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[target.starknet-contract]]
```
Dojo target is not built into Scarb.

build-external-contracts = ["openzeppelin::account::account::Account"]
```

### Wildcard support

It is possible to request building many contracts from a module tree at once. For example, the following snippet:

```toml-vue
[[target.starknet-contract]]
build-external-contracts = [
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::Balance",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::OperatorApproval",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::Owner",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::components::TokenApproval",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::erc721::ERC721",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_approve",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_burn",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_mint",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_set_approval_for_all",
    "dojo_erc::erc721::systems::erc721_transfer_from",
]
```

can be written as:

```toml-vue
[[target.starknet-contract]]
build-external-contracts = [
    "dojo_erc::erc721::*",
]
```

> When using a wildcard in the build-external-contracts property, Scarb will match the contract path before the wildcard and look for all contracts whose paths start with that prefix. The wildcard can only be used as the last character in the contract path, and each external contract path can have at most one wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a wildcard in the `build-external-contracts` property, Scarb will match the contract path before the wildcard and look for all contracts whose paths start with that prefix. The wildcard can only be used as the last character in the contract path, and each external contract path can have at most one wildcard.
```
